== Hart / alexpelan.com
Hart is a site I built as my own personal homepage and portfolio. It emulates a command line that the user can use to learn more about me. I built this as a way of aggregating all of my different web presences - you can see my posts from Twitter, beers from Untappd, books from Goodreads, portfolio from Github, and music from Last.fm. I'm looking forward to adding other services and improving visualizations in the future.

This is the first site I've ever built with Ember.js - I wanted to try out a javascript frontend framework since using jQuery AJAX to manage everything in previous Rails apps left some things to be desired. It was a very interesting journey but I learned a ton.

== Project Status
Hart should be up and running as of September 2014. Feel free to submit issues if you see them, either bugs or enhancements would be accepted. Since this is my personal site, I probably won't accept any pull requests.

== How to get this thing running
I just tried to get this running on a new machine after a few years and figured I would document my steps to ease my future pain.

Install rvm: `\curl -sSL https://get.rvm.io | bash -s stable`

Install Ruby 2.0.0 using rvm: `rvm install 2.0.0` Then use that as the default ruby: `rvm --default use 2.0.0`

Install bundler: `gem install bundler`

Install all of the dependencies of this project, in the project foloder: `bundle install`

Install postgres: `gem install pg -v '0.17.1'`

Create database and migrations: `rake db:create`, `rake db:migrate`

Set ENV variables, then `rails server`

== FAQ

Why is it called Hart? 

I am not good at naming things, so while I am working on them I just use code names. I picked the convention of "Notre Dame Heisman Trophy Winners," and Leon Hart was the next one I hadn't used yet.
